
          RENTICKLE:


1.Project Overview:

Summary:I worked with Application support role.It is an internal web application for e-commerce websites.This application aim is changing the way of 
people access furniture(Through the online) and tracking the data of customer orders in store.

Domain:E-commerce
Rentickle operates on rental model,allowing customers to rent items instead of purchasing them.

Key StakeHolders:Rentickle application users(Store owners).

2.Your Role:

Role:Support Engineer

Responsiblities:Mainly worked with the Application issues,Understanding the requirements of the Client,  
Troubleshooting,Incident Logging and Performance Monitoring.   

3.Technical Details:

Technologies Used:We used SQL to resolve the issues of the Application(from Backend).For the few major issues we will worked with JAVA as well.

4.Challenges & Solutions:

Technical or Non-technical Obstacles:Application Downtime(No. of users are affected) 

Reasons:VDI issue.
       Application issue.
       Migration issue.
       Due to ROLLBACK Changes.

Solution:For this issue we need do our initial investigation.

Many of the users were launching this application inside the VDI(Virtual Desktop Infrastructure).But few user's are launching this application inside
VPN.If user is not able to launch the application inside the VPN but able t alunch the application inside VDI then this is not our issue.May be this 
is VPN issue.But at that moment after completion my initial invesigation also till issue persists.
This an major P1 incident.
For this there is Bridge call.In this call i checked with all the teams if they were done with any changes(CR).Yes,DBA team is done with the change within
Bussiness hours without informing to any others.So,Change management team asked them to RollBack that change,then they rollbacked that.Then few user's 
were able to launch the application.
At this moment i checked the user's individually.till issue persists.I checked all the users details from Backend.All looks good but i am not sure what's 
went wrong.Like wise 2 days wentoff.user's were escalted me on that incident.Finally i got an idea regarding permissions and skills issue on 
the Application.I had removed and re-added the skills for all the user's.Then no. of users are able to launch the application.Only few users are not able
to launch the application.later on i resolved that.


5.Outcome:Improved Usability of furniture by the customers.

6.Learning Experience:Through this project i learned SQL.

Final Response:

I worked as Application support engineer.The Project aim is changing the way of people access furniture(through the online) and tracking the data of
customer orders in stores.By using this application deliver the products with in 72hrs(3days).
for example today one person ordered 1 product.If the product is not available in that stores,then they need to know that information through email 
or messages.By using this application we will do.








